= Feature Flags

Conditionally roll out features with redis.

== Install it

  gem install feature_flags

== How it works

Initialize a feature_flags object. I assign it to a global var.

  $redis   = Redis.new
  $feature_flags = FeatureFlags.new($redis)

== City Flags ==

  A city can have a feature in two states. Beta / Live.
  To make a feature live for a city

  $feature_flags.activate_city(feature: :<feature>, city_id: <city_id>, live: true)

  To make a feature beta for a city
  $feature_flags.activate_city(feature: :<feature>, city_id: <city_id>, live: false)

  To deactivate a city (make a feature non-existent for that city)
  $feature_flags.deactivate_city(feature: :<feature>, city_id: <city_id>)

  You can obtain a list of features with their states for a city as follows
  $feature_flags.city_features(city_id: <city_id>, feature_list: [:cashless, :beta_user, :non_existent_feature])
  returns a hash { cashless: 'live', beta_user: 'beta', non_existent_feature: nil }

== User Flags ==

  A user can either be activated / deactivated state for each feature.

  Feature State    User Active?    Whitelist     Blacklist
     Live              Yes             No          No
     Live              No              No          Yes
     Beta              Yes             Yes         No
     Beta              No              No          No
     Non-Existent      Always No       No          No

  To activate a feature for the user
  $feature_flags.activate_user(feature: :<feature>, city_id: <city_id>, id: <user_id>)

  To deactivate a feature for the user
  $feature_flags.deactivate_user(feature: :<feature>, city_id: <city_id>, id: <user_id>)

  To check whether a user is active for a feature, returns true / false
  $feature_flags.user_active?(feature: :<feature>, city_id: <city_id>, id: <user_id>)

  You can obtain a list of features for a user as follows
  $feature_flags.user_features(id: <user_id>, city_id: <city_id>, feature_list: [:cashless, :beta_user, :non_existent_feature])
  returns a hash { cashless: true, beta_user: false, non_existent_feature: false }

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2015 Althaf Hameez See LICENSE for details.
